README.md, before:

# udperf

A kind of UDP-only `iperf`, but more versatile and with advanced features:

- RAW sockets (custom MAC)
- Custom payload
- CPU performance counters reporting
- Run with a specified maximum latency

It was used, among other tools, in this work:

> I. Ucar, A. Azcorra, __Deseeding Energy Consumption of Network Stacks__, _2015 IEEE 1st International Forum on Research and Technologies for Society and Industry Leveraging a better tomorrow (RTSI)_, 16-18 Sept. 2015. [DOI: 10.1109/RTSI.2015.7325085](http://doi.org/10.1109/RTSI.2015.7325085)

## Compilation

```bash
autoreconf --install
./configure --enable-cpu-counters --enable-dma-latency
make
```

## Basic usage

Client:

```bash
$ ./udperf 127.0.0.1 1234 -vv
1480522119.915245 0.000000 [7] payload
1480522120.915140 0.999895 [7] payload
1480522121.915149 1.000009 [7] payload
^C
```

Server:

```bash
$ ./udperf -l 1234 -vv
1480522119.915345 0.000000 [7] payload
1480522120.915153 0.999808 [7] payload
1480522121.915163 1.000010 [7] payload
^C
```

See `./udperf -h` for more details.

Commit message:

add compilation instructions for Android

README.md, after:

# udperf

A kind of UDP-only `iperf`, but more versatile and with advanced features:

- RAW sockets (custom MAC)
- Custom payload
- CPU performance counters reporting
- Run with a specified maximum latency

It was used, among other tools, in this work:

> I. Ucar, A. Azcorra, __Deseeding Energy Consumption of Network Stacks__, _2015 IEEE 1st International Forum on Research and Technologies for Society and Industry Leveraging a better tomorrow (RTSI)_, 16-18 Sept. 2015. [DOI: 10.1109/RTSI.2015.7325085](http://doi.org/10.1109/RTSI.2015.7325085)

## Compilation

### For Linux

```bash
autoreconf --install
./configure --enable-cpu-counters --enable-dma-latency
make
```

### For Android

Substitute `NDK` for the location of the downloaded Android NDK, and put the
standalone `ANDROID_TOOLCHAIN` wherever you want.

```bash
export ANDROID_TOOLCHAIN=/tmp/my-android-toolchain
$NDK/build/tools/make_standalone_toolchain.py \
    --arch arm --api 24 --install-dir $ANDROID_TOOLCHAIN
export PATH=$ANDROID_TOOLCHAIN/bin:$PATH
export AM_CFLAGS="-fPIE -pie"
autoreconf --install
./configure --host=arm-linux-androideabi
make
```

## Basic usage

Client:

```bash
$ ./udperf 127.0.0.1 1234 -vv
1480522119.915245 0.000000 [7] payload
1480522120.915140 0.999895 [7] payload
1480522121.915149 1.000009 [7] payload
^C
```

Server:

```bash
$ ./udperf -l 1234 -vv
1480522119.915345 0.000000 [7] payload
1480522120.915153 0.999808 [7] payload
1480522121.915163 1.000010 [7] payload
^C
```

See `./udperf -h` for more details.
